OSDOCS-8938: Cluster notifications docs for Managed OpenShift (#75710)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/managed-cluster-notification-policy.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * rosa_cluster_admin/rosa-cluster-notifications.adoc
// * osd_cluster_admin/osd-cluster-notifications.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="managed-cluster-notification-policy_{context}"]
= Cluster notification policy

Cluster notifications are designed to keep you informed about the health of your cluster and high impact events that affect it.

> Most cluster notifications are generated and sent automatically, to ensure that you are immediately informed of problems or important changes to the state of your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most cluster notifications are generated and sent automatically to ensure that you are immediately informed of problems or important changes to the state of your cluster.
```

> In certain situations, Red Hat Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) manually creates and sends cluster notifications to provide additional context and guidance for a complex issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In certain situations, Red Hat Site Reliability Engineering (SRE) creates and sends cluster notifications to provide additional context and guidance for a complex issue.
```

Is it important to call out manual vs automated notifications?

Author: @jewzaam In theory it's useful to call out the extra care and service of SRE over automated systems, but otherwise not really.

Cluster notifications are not sent for low-impact events, low-risk security updates, routine operations and maintenance, or minor, transient issues that are quickly resolved by SRE.

Red Hat services automatically send notifications when:

> * Remote health monitoring detects an issue in your cluster, for example, when a worker node has low disk space.

Reviewer 3: @laubai Hi, I have seen the scenarios that automatic notification sent to customer when in-flight checks failed during the cluster installation. Does this covers in mentioned scenarios? I'm not sure if this will be part of "Remote health monitoring" but adding the thoughts for the confirmation.

Author: Good question, will check with SRE.

Author: Waiting for some info via Slack on this, so @jmekkatt if you have a suggestion for a more general term than "Remote health monitoring or environment verification checks" to use here, let me know!

* Significant cluster life cycle events occur, for example, when scheduled maintenance or upgrades begin, or cluster operations are impacted by an event, but do not require customer intervention.
* Significant cluster management changes occur, for example, when cluster ownership or administrative control is transferred from one user to another.
* Your cluster subscription is changed or updated, for example, when Red Hat makes updates to subscription terms or features available to your cluster.

> SRE creates and sends notifications when:

Reviewer 4: [ISG] Use complete sentences leading into lists.

* An incident results in a degradation or outage that impacts your cluster's availability or performance, for example, your cloud provider has a regional outage. SRE sends subsequent notifications to inform you of incident resolution progress, and when the incident is resolved.
* A security vulnerability, security breach, or unusual activity is detected on your cluster.

> Red Hat detects that changes you have made are creating or may result in cluster instability.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* Red Hat detects that changes you have made are creating or may result in cluster instability.
```

Author: good catch, thankyou!

> Red Hat detects that changes you have made are creating or will create conflicts or cluster instability.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Red Hat detects that changes you have made are creating or may result in cluster instability.
```

Author: Done, thankyou!

> * Red Hat detects that changes you have made are creating or may result in cluster instability.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* Red Hat detects that changes you have made are creating or might result in cluster instability.
```
